have beautify the new ones on beautify
night runs for 2015 for the spring and the
posted summer and there was also one
picture of a girl with beautiful
black triangles on her nails mattia
the geometric
negative space forms such as it
officially picked up by mrs coming
all the way in and then actually got it
quite a lot of questions how do you make that
and then i thought you know what we make there
just the same video from martin
flap the most beautiful hands of our signs
whoever he wants
no you start with a number
basic necessities I opted for
a black nail polish and transparent
nail polish and tape I would not have the
transparent because that comes in full
tired off your nails so a bit of the
dull variant and scissors
previously I have a thin layer
transparent nail polish gained just
to fix it all that shine then give
it also gets better
well then you actually cut ten small ones
scraps of tape that you can fine
table and paste because then you can do well
at
and then you actually go a kind
stick diagonally on your nails
you stick one from right to left
up and one from bottom left to
top right
you actually do that with all nails and
that is just a bit of british work but after some
exercise you are always lucky
more convenient
well make sure it is well pressed push
also check it with your fingers so that you
don't get half triangles with too much
wipe and then again and just too
bit of black nail polish work
colors the space in the meantime very nicely
adhesive tapes and you actually do all of that
nails and then you need it
let it dry neatly because differently if you
adds adhesive tapes subtracts then flows
the nail it still expressed what i it
becomes a very clean line
yes and after you have done that and afterwards
well dry
you really have to wait until it is black
is completely dry because you are different with
transparent varnish it also smears
and another completely dry when separated
time with a transparent layer
and then you come with these nice nails
patrick and can hear them so i love
you something else but I really had
on instagram this picture I got it
request of also own a tutorial of
then I thought try then it was too
read an article
I also thought or not how it is now
I know
yes wheels but once you get it under
have mastered all of it is really fat yeah
I also really love it
well we listened to you this
is the answer about how you do that
awfully go today taste that and on you
Make your might what my instagram
have seen an account so it becomes whole
good luck with copying and keep looking
and subscribe so you're eyes
of all the tutorials that refuge
by